loose the limit of only processing the NADIR scenes (#42)
ASFHyP3/its-live-monitoring: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [0.2.1]
> 
> ### Fixed
> - Off-NADIR scene can be processed as long as the secondary scene has the same wrs_path, wrs_row, and vire:off_nadir properties. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [0.3.0]

### Fixed
- Off-naider scenes will now be processed and will only be paired with other off-nadir scenes.
```

This isn't a bugfix; we intentionally excluded off-nadir scenes initially so this is adding a feature. Also, nadir isn't an acronym so doesn't need to be all caps (it comes from the Arabic naḍhīr).
